Add indexing pressure documentation (#59456)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/docs/data-replication.asciidoc

This purpose of this section is to give a high level overview of the Elasticsearch replication model and discuss the implications
it has for various interactions between write and read operations.

> [float,id="basic-write-model"]

Reviewer: Nit: this is more aligned with our style. What you have works as-is tho.
```suggestion
[discrete]
[[basic-write-model]]
```

==== Basic write model

Every indexing operation in Elasticsearch is first resolved to a replication group using <<index-routing,routing>>,
typically based on the document ID. Once the replication group has been determined, the operation is forwarded

> internally to the current _primary shard_ of the group. This stage of indexing is referred to as the coordinating
> stage.

Reviewer: We typically try to emphasize new terms when they're introduced.
```suggestion
internally to the current _primary shard_ of the group. This stage of indexing is referred to as the _coordinating stage_.
```

> The next stage of indexing is the primary stage which is performed on the primary shard. The primary shard is responsible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next stage of indexing is the _primary stage_, performed on the primary shard. The primary shard is responsible
```

. Once all replicas have successfully performed the operation and responded to the primary, the primary acknowledges the successful
   completion of the request to the client.

> Each in-sync replica copy performs the indexing operation locally so that it has a copy. This stage of indexing is the replication
> stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each in-sync replica copy performs the indexing operation locally so that it has a copy. This stage of indexing is the _replica
stage_.
```

> These indexing stages (coordinating, primary, and replica) are sequential. However, the lifetime of each stage encompasses
> the lifetimes of subsequent stages in order to enable internal retries. The coordinating stage is not complete until each primary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These indexing stages (coordinating, primary, and replica) are sequential. To enable internal retries, the lifetime of each stage encompasses
the lifetime of each subsequent stage. For example, the coordinating stage is not complete until each primary
```

> stage (which might be spread out across different primary shards) has completed. Each primary stage will not complete until the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stage, which maybe spread out across different primary shard, has completed. Each primary stage will not complete until the
```

> in-sync replicas have completed indexing the docs locally and responded to the replica requests.

Reviewer: Just for word variety so we don't repeat "complete" twice in the same sentence.
```suggestion
in-sync replicas have finished indexing the docs locally and responded to the replica requests.
```
